ece medium and large installation instructions improved (#2146)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-enterprise/deploy-large-installation.md

:alt: A large installation with nine to twelve hosts across three availability zones
:::

::::{note}

> The host with the allocator role greyed out represents the first host to be installed. This host temporarily holds all roles until the other nodes are added and configured. Eventually, the allocator role will be removed from this host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the diagram, the Director Coordinator host in Availability zone 1 has the allocator role greyed out. This host temporarily holds all roles until the other nodes are added and configured. Eventually, the allocator role will be removed from this host.
```

I'd rephrase this a bit for accessibility, since people reading using a screen reader can't access the diagram, and others can see the colour variances.

Author: Ok, I'll rephrase it then, because I want to keep that the host represents the first host to be installed, as that information is not provided and it's relevant.

    ```

6. [Log into the Cloud UI](log-into-cloud-ui.md).

7. [Change the deployment configuration](/deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-enterprise/customize-deployment.md) for the `admin-console-elasticsearch`, `logging-and-metrics`, and `security` [system deployments](/deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-enterprise/system-deployments-configuration.md) to use three availability zones and resize the nodes to use at least 4 GB of RAM. This ensures the system clusters are both highly available and sufficiently provisioned.

8. [Vacate all instances from the initial host](/deploy-manage/maintenance/ece/move-nodes-instances-from-allocators.md#move-nodes-from-allocators). This host runs some {{es}} and {{kib}} instances from system deployments, which must be moved to other allocators before proceeding.

    Wait until all instances have been moved off the initial host before continuing.

9. [Remove the `allocator` and `proxy` roles](/deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-enterprise/assign-roles-to-hosts.md) from the initial host. You cannot remove the `allocator` role until all instances have been vacated.

    ::::{note}

>     After removing the proxy role from the first host, the {{es}} and {{kib}} URLs shown in the Cloud UI will stop working. This happens because the **Deployment domain name** in **Platform** > **Settings** is set to the IP address of the first host, in a format like `FIRST_HOST_IP.ip.es.io`. For more details, refer to [Change endpoint URLs](./change-endpoint-urls.md).

Author: ```suggestion
    After removing the proxy role from the first host, the {{es}} and {{kib}} URLs shown in the Cloud UI will stop working. This happens because the **Deployment domain name** in **Platform** > **Settings** is set to the IP address of the first host, in the format `FIRST_HOST_IP.ip.es.io`. For more details, refer to [Change endpoint URLs](./change-endpoint-urls.md).
```
